This is a simple RNN network that generates Enligh like text. The network has two stacked LSTM cells and the text is fed into the network character by character. The ouput is a single character that the network thinks should be the next character.

Here's an example text generated by the model:

"Alexey Alexandrovitch, what am I to discover him. All the same that I
said it would be one of this all this woman is sitting.

The discussion. The priest was not tried to see him to be sent on him,
whom his brother still could not be a letter to his own trivial on
the sumble of his still. The matter, and this side--and tears were
striving, and the man was at the solitio of husband, to be, and he
suppressed by the persons cried to the polite, at this tender, he could
not have been successful. The depating of sect that she came out
about it as they caught sight of the cares, and sent to his wat
had a still mine on her hand.

"I did not like this! I can't, then."

"What would I am to go to me."

"Anna had barlalies as how I have said that it's simply in all souts on
her as it all was, and they honest asked her and women at this
thing, which has been a much at him in a hand of the season in the
happiness in the position; I was not thinking. He has set on his friends
were talking about himself to say something; to any his own whiling
which it were that she had sent a suppont to the same--all he was serene in the
subject to him, which all arranged, and a looking carriage had taken
out her allowing at the sense of thought of such a chance, began
to tried to have them were all at the body walked to him. But it was he
had to distinct it with his house to her has, and was not leading his
finger, had been danger although her, because she was not seeing so
it in the same way of the same strength. Sergey Ivanovitch said to
the carriage of Anna's face, and so she had been set into the same
time. She would have say that the most opposed he had been asked her
for her feelings, which had never said to herself had and suddenly adorne
with the condition of the seconds, and the sone of all the same terms
tried to see 
